[Doc Update] - 10.0.0 (#990)
dell/dellemc-openmanage-ansible-modules: CHANGELOG.rst

- idrac_os_deployment - This module is enhanced to support iDRAC10.
- idrac_redfish_storage_controller - This module is enhanced to support iDRAC10.
- idrac_server_config_profile - This module is enhanced to support iDRAC10.
- idrac_storage_volume - This module is enhanced to support iDRAC10.
- redfish_firmware_rollback - This module is enhanced to support iDRAC10.
- redfish_storage_volume - This module is enhanced to support iDRAC10.
- idrac_certificate - This role is enhanced to support iDRAC10.
- idrac_export_server_config_profile - This role is enhanced to support iDRAC10.
- idrac_firmware - This role is enhanced to support iDRAC10.
- idrac_import_server_config_profile - This role is enhanced to support iDRAC10.
- idrac_os_deployment - This role is enhanced to support iDRAC10.
- idrac_storage_controller - This role is enhanced to support iDRAC10.
- redfish_firmware - This role is enhanced to support iDRAC10.
- redfish_storage_volume - This role is enhanced to support iDRAC10.

Known Issues
------------

- idrac_attributes - The module accepts both the string as well as integer value for the field "SNMP.1.AgentCommunity" for iDRAC10.

> - idrac_diagnostics - This module doesn't support export of diagnostics file to HTTP and HTTPS share via SOCKS proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- idrac_diagnostics - This module does not support export of diagnostics file to HTTP and HTTPS share via SOCKS proxy.
```

Author: done
